3	Quickbooks Services	Crisanta G Dizon CPA is a leading resource for QuickBooks consulting services in the Mabalacat, Angeles and Clark Freeport Zone ares. As Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisors, we partner with small businesses to oversee their accounting and bookkeeping needs including the software configuration and providing ongoing support via phone or email.	Our experience setting up QuickBooks for businesses of all shapes and sizes enables us to anticipate and head off any problems during the setup process so you can hit the ground running with your new accounting software. From installation and initial creation of invoice templates and your chart of accounts to full-service QuickBooks support to correct data entry mistakes and answer questions, we offer everything small business owners need to use QuickBooks to its full potential.	As our client, we’ll do more than get you comfortable with basics of using the QuickBooks platform. We’ll make sure you develop the skills needed to extract the accurate and valuable financial data you need to precisely track expenses, manage cash flow, and run your business efficiently. With our assistance, you’ll never be in the dark when it comes to your finances.	1	1	1	We are a leading resource for QuickBooks consulting services in Mabalacat, Angeles and Clark Freeport Zone.	photos/2019/07/31/qb_oiJCPuz.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	1	2019-05-01 18:56:57-04
5	Incorporation Consulting	Incorporation is only one piece in the project of building a business. Being successful in business means continually seeking ways to manage tax obligations, limit expenses, and increase profits. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our firm offers new businesses the incorporation and advisory services to start an operation off on the right foot.	Identifying the best structure for your new business will create a strong foundation for minimizing taxes and encouraging profitability. We’ll explain the options for structuring your business in terms you can understand, recommend the entity that will benefit your business, and coordinate with your overall tax plan including S corporations, C corporations, and LLCs. Next, we’ll show you how to write a solid business plan to secure financing and how to best organize your accounting and bookkeeping processes. We’ll also provide additional accounting and reporting services so you can keep a close eye on where your money is going. As your business grows, we’ll adjust your tax plan so your business continues to limit tax liabilities and increase in value.	""	1	1	0	We help you structure your business to give it a strong foundation resulting in reduced tax burdens.	photos/2019/07/31/incorporation_I0CivZs.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	1	2019-02-01 18:00:30-05
1	Business Accounting	As a small business owner, mounting accounting responsibilities can distract you from day-to-day operations. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our firm can handle all or part of your accounting and bookkeeping functions so you can make running your business your top priority. We have a passion for working with small businesses and will give yours the boost it needs with a full package of accounting services and tax strategies.	Our accounting solutions put you in control of your finances instead of letting financial tasks consume your time. We'll organize your accounting processes and generate the precise reporting needed to reveal a clearer picture of your finances. With our assistance, you'll easily monitor cash flow, track expenses, and manage your money with efficiency. We'll also devise a tax strategy aimed at reducing liabilities and directing more revenue towards your bottom line.	Our goal is to become the trusted advisor who gives you the tools and suggestions to make smart business decisions. When you want to discuss important issues, we're always easy to reach and eager to offer advice.	1	1	0	Your focus should be more on managing and growing your business. Allow us to take care of your financial tasks for you.	photos/2019/07/31/accounting1_7KKKVLm.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	11	2019-07-31 18:50:15-04
2	Financial Consulting	The insight of an experienced business consultant can bring the fresh perspective and original ideas to take your business to new heights. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our firm provides business consulting services that yield tangible results. The financial leadership we offer is designed to help you overcome financial obstacles and drive higher profits. With our guidance, your business will have the agility to adapt to the changing marketplace and respond to opportunities for expansion.	Nobody knows your business better than you do. So, the first thing we do is listen to your concerns and familiarize ourselves with how you operate. Then, we’ll use what we’ve learned to launch a plan to fine-tune operations and improve business performance. We’ll show you how to upgrade internal controls, eliminate extraneous expenses, and increase cash flow so that your business is positioned for sustained profitability and growth.	""	1	1	1	We provide you with a financial leadership that will help you get through your financial challenges leading to higher profits.	photos/2019/07/31/cfo_2wvQ47a.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	1	2019-06-01 18:54:04-04
4	Tax Services	Our CPA firm is highly skilled in tax planning and income tax preparation services. When you turn to us for tax services, we'll scour the tax code to identify every legal deduction available to minimize your tax burden. You can be confident that your taxes are done right the first time when you work with us and you'll never overpay or run into trouble with the BIR because we've got your back.	We offer our tax planning strategies and tax return preparation services to small businesses and individuals. From routine income tax returns to multi-state tax planning and corporate taxes for businesses, our tax reduction techniques are reliable, legal, and effective.	""	1	1	0	We provide you with expert tax preparation and advice to ensure that your filings and paperworks are done right.	photos/2019/07/31/tax_TbtCfWc.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	1	2019-04-01 18:58:39-04
6	Payroll Services	Are you still trying to process payroll yourself? Processing payroll in-house is difficult, stressful, and usually ends up costing you more than outsourcing it. Forget calculating different types of wages, tricky payroll taxes, and preparing W2s. Get a fresh start now by outsourcing your payroll to Crisanta G Dizon CPA. We process payroll for all types of small businesses in the Mabalact, Angeles City and Clark Freeport Zone areas.	Our outsourced payroll services make sense for small businesses. Most business owners aren’t cut out for interpreting complex payroll tax laws and mistakes on your payroll taxes can result in high penalties that can start multiplying before you even realize you made an error. These penalties can eat into your profits and cause unnecessary anxiety. When we handle your payroll, you will eliminate tax penalties and will be confident that your payroll taxes are accurate and paid on time.	At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our rates are competitive and our customer service is unmatched. We design affordable payroll packages that come with friendly and responsive support. Feel free to contact us by phone or email when you have a question and we’ll always get you the answers you need promptly.	1	1	0	You will eliminate tax penalties and will be confident that your payroll taxes are accurate.	photos/2019/07/31/payroll1.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	t	1	1	1	1	2019-01-01 18:02:19-05
8	Outsourced Accounting and Bookkeeping	For many small business owners, managing accounting and bookkeeping can place grueling demands on their limited supply of time and resources. Before important financial responsibilities start to fall through the cracks, consider the outsourced accounting and bookkeeping services offered through Crisanta G Dizon CPA. Our reliable accounting services are the smart and economical choice for busy business owners.	When we’re in charge of your accounting and bookkeeping, we present a common sense approach with an uncommon level of personal attention and sound advice. We’ll organize your finances in a way that makes sense, is convenient, and makes tax preparation at year-end easier and less expensive. You’ll be free to concentrate on running your business while we handle time-consuming tasks like monthly closings, financial statements, and bank reconciliations. Even though we’ll be doing the heavy lifting, we’ll make sure you’re still in control and always have access to the essential financial data you need to make important financial decisions.	""	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/accounting-track.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 19:57:54-04
7	Small Business Accounting Services	As a small business owner, mounting accounting responsibilities can distract you from day-to-day operations. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our firm can handle all or part of your accounting and bookkeeping functions so you can make running your business your top priority. We have a passion for working with small businesses and will give yours the boost it needs with a full package of accounting services and tax strategies.	Our accounting solutions put you in control of your finances instead of letting financial tasks consume your time. We'll organize your accounting processes and generate the precise reporting needed to reveal a clearer picture of your finances. With our assistance, you'll easily monitor cash flow, track expenses, and manage your money with efficiency. We'll also devise a tax strategy aimed at reducing liabilities and directing more revenue towards your bottom line.	Our goal is to become the trusted advisor who gives you the tools and suggestions to make smart business decisions. When you want to discuss important issues, we're always easy to reach and eager to offer advice.	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/07/31/accounting-track.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 19:36:13-04
9	Outsourced CFO Services and Controllership	Emerging businesses require the financial expertise of a CFO or controller but aren’t always ready to invest in hiring one on full-time. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, we are committed to supporting the rapid growth of small businesses, especially with the development of Clark Global City, with outsourced CFO and controller services. Our support is the economical choice for businesses that need to improve accounting efficiencies, refine tax strategies, and conquer financial challenges in order to keep moving forward. When we step in as your part-time CFO, we’ll help you implement strong accounting and tax practices that will streamline your finances and improve business performance.	You can rely on our CPA firm for the targeted business strategies that will eliminate obstacles and empower you to reach your financial goals. We’ll consider all the facets of your business in order to develop an actionable plan based on solid financial analysis that will enhance controls, increase productivity, and manage risk. We can also assist with business mergers, acquisitions, and raising capital.	""	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/cfo-statistics2.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 20:07:22-04
10	Accounting Services	As a small business owner, your time is better spent on running day-to-day operations than on accounting and bookkeeping. Get a full package of accounting services to manage the financial side of your business from Crisanta G Dizon CPA. We'll make sure you have detailed financial statements at your fingertips, a sound budget, and everything you need to see where your money is really going. We'll also be on hand to discuss financial concerns and offer up reliable advice. Give us a call at (0917)-326-4209 or request a free consultation now to learn more.	1	1	1	1	0	""	photos/2019/08/01/accounting-track_4gys8Ak.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	111	1	1	2019-07-31 20:11:14-04
11	Tax Preparation Services	Online tax software will never replace the real-world experience of a local tax professional. Although using technology to do it yourself may seem cheaper, it could cost you more in the long run between mishandled deductions, miscalculations, and even BIR problems. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, our approach to tax preparation services is affordable, accurate, and personalized. When we prepare your tax return, you won't have to wonder if it was done correctly. You'll have confidence that a qualified accountant prepared your tax filings in line with all current government regulations.	We make it our business to know all the latest tax rules inside and out. We’re constantly on the lookout for new legislation we can use to reduce tax liabilities for our clients. We methodically review your paperwork, receipts, and past tax returns and employ tax strategies that will help you to retain more of your income.	ur CPA firm provides tax preparation services for everyone including small businesses, entrepreneurs, and individuals. No matter what your needs require, you'll benefit from our experience, expertise, and friendly customer service.	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/taxes-calculating.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 20:13:22-04
12	Tax Planning Services	Effectively reducing taxes requires extensive tax planning that considers all possible deductions and tax code changes. At Crisanta G Dizon CPA, we work closely with small business owners and individuals to generate strategies that take advantage of today’s incentives and prepare for tomorrow’s tax challenges. Some accountants only connect with clients at tax time but we’ll stay in touch with you throughout the year to proactively manage your tax burden and get ideal results at tax time. When you become our client, we’ll faithfully pledge to make sure you never pay more than the law requires.	As your tax advisor, we strive to make ourselves available to answer questions and help you make important financial decisions that could impact your taxes. We understand how to effectively manage government tax obligations and will continually adjust your plan in line with new legislation. With our recommendations, you’ll reduce your tax burden and will retain more of your income.	1	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/tax-plan.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-06-30 20:18:01-04
13	BIR Tax Problem Resolution Services	Are you caught in the grip of BIR tax problems? Crisanta G Dizon CPA has the solutions to help solve your tax problems and put them behind you for good. When you choose to work with our tax professionals, we’ll negotiate with the BIR directly on your behalf. From back taxes and BIR audit representation to tax liens, tax levies, and wage garnishment, we know how to come to a fair resolution with the BIR.	Once we have the whole picture, we'll present you with tax relief options that offer the best result for your circumstances. We can set up an installment agreement or an offer in compromise to pay off your tax debt and can also assist you in filing for penalty abatement, innocent spouse relief, or currently not collectible status if needed. No matter what tax problems you’re experiencing, we'll patiently answer all of your questions and address any concerns so that you can make an informed decision that will solve the issue once and for all.	""	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/bir-prob.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-08-04 20:19:52-04
14	Tax Services	Our CPA firm is highly skilled in tax planning and income tax preparation services. When you turn to us for tax services, we'll scour the tax code to identify every legal deduction available to minimize your tax burden. You can be confident that your taxes are done right the first time when you work with us and you'll never overpay or run into trouble with the BIR because we've got your back.	We offer our tax planning strategies and tax return preparation services to small businesses and individuals. From routine income tax returns to multi-state tax planning and corporate taxes for businesses, our tax reduction techniques are reliable, legal, and effective.	Call us now at (0917)-326-4209 to learn more or request your free consultation online to get started.	1	1	1	1	photos/2019/08/01/tax.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 20:22:56-04
15	About Our CPA firm	Choosing a partner with uncompromising integrity to oversee your accounting functions is essential when running a small business. Discover why so many business owners in Angeles City, Mabalacat and Clark Freeport Zone area trust a CPA firm, that’s part of their community, Crisanta G Dizon CPA. We have a stellar reputation for providing quality accounting services and money-saving tax strategies coupled with unparalleled customer support.	To us, clients truly come first. We are committed to helping every client succeed so we work alongside you throughout each stage of your business from inception to maturity. Together, we’ll negotiate the path to reach your financial and business goals. We also offer prompt and accurate income tax preparation for business owners and individuals.	Find out how we can team up to build your business and your personal wealth. Request your free consultation through our website or call (0917)-326-4209 and get started now.	1	1	0	""	photos/2019/08/01/cris-office.png	photos/2019/08/01/cris-pledge.jpg	""	""	""	""	""	1	f	1	1	1	1	2019-07-31 20:25:12-04
